---
layout: post
title: Week 1 - Introduction to Open Source
---

## Open Source
When I hear the term "open source", I think of something that is collaborative, something that anyone can contribute to. I didn't have any prior knowledge of what open source was prior to signing up to this class, as was to surprised to discover that I have been using many things that are considered open source, such as Wikipedia. I was also surprised to find out that open source isn't necessarily related to software development, as it isn't a commonly used phrase in every day vernacular. 

One advantage of open source versus closed source is that because anyone can contribute to it, each project can be very well-rounded as everyone approaches it with their own perspectives and their own mindsets. Another advantage of having something be open source instead of closed source is that anyone can access it instead of taking the time to code something that's already out there, and then build off of it, improving the original code. 

One potential problem with open source is that because anyone can access and contribute to a project, the product can become very warped and end up entirely different from what it was initially meant to be. Another problem is that you would lose ownership of the code and you would not be able to profit from it.

I decided to register for a class about open source software development because it seems like a very interesting topic that I don't know too much about. I am also interested in potentially going into software development, but don't have much experience in it, so hopefully this class will give me a good idea of what a career in tech will be like.

## Projects
[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/): This is the code editor that I am currently using, and although there was a bit of a learning curve with VSCode, I really like how many languages it supports as well as its many features.

[Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page): I've probably used Wikipedia since I was in elementary school as it's usually one of the first links that comes up when I google something. 

[Eclipse](https://www.eclipse.org/): I used Eclipse for both Intro to CS and Data Structures and would consider it the IDE that I am most familiar with. 

[Python](https://www.python.org/): Python is my first language, as well as one of my favorite coding languages because of how close to English it is.

