---
layout: post
title: Week 8 - Tom Callaway + Group Project
---
## Tom Callaway
I really enjoyed listening to someone who has been involved and is so passionate about open source as Tom Callaway is. I thought it was funny how Callaway said that the reason he joined AWS was because they were forming a new open source team and he wanted to do some good for Amazon through open source. He also mentioned how scary it is for a company like AWS to rely on open source and only way to make sure that an open source project is going the direction they want is to be involved with it. 

Tom Callaway also gave some great advice for first time open source contributors. He said to be patient with yourself and others and be ready to make changes and work with the people running the project, keeping in mind that the people behind the code were once in your position. He also said to make sure not to "write clever," which basically means to not try to make your code super difficult and impressive and just make sure to comment it well and follow the style guidelines. Another tip he gave was to make sure to fully understand what the aim of the project is before you start to write code, otherwise you might be wasting your own time. 

## Group Project
At the beginning of this week, we were put into groups in which we would be contributing to an open source project for the remaining duration of the semester. My group members, Amanda and Hyunjun, and I spent the majority of the class time picking a project that we wanted to work on. Amanda proposed both of the projects that she had done evaluations on and Hyunjun sent a GitHub repository that was full of different open source projects that were good for beginners to contribute to. I didn't think either of the projects I evaluated were good to contribute to as both of them were pretty inactive and didn't have many issues for first time contributors. We finally decided on Appsmith, which is basically a framework used to build internal tools. None of us were super familiar with Appsmith and we hadn't used it before but its README.md was very clear and concise. We chose this project because it seemed to have quite a few open issues that were good for beginners and the project was quite active and had a lot of good discussion. 