---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - Git Activity + Jim Hall 
---

## Git Activity
I thought that the git activity we did in class was very helpful. Before this class, I've had to use git and GitHub to submit assignments, but I was never really taught what each command meant or did. I would just use the simply git add, git commit, and git push commands. I was never really introduced to the open source region of GitHub and the importance of using the git pull command until this activity. I do wish that introductory computer science courses at NYU would teach us more about git and GitHub, because I didn't realize how functional they were, and just wish I could have more exposure to them earlier in my CS education. I think I still have some trouble understanding merge conflicts and how to fix them, so I want to look back at the activity we did and see if I can recreate it on my own or with a friend.

## Jim Hall
I really enjoyed having Jim Hall talk to us about his experience with open source and FreeDOS, as well as him answering our questions. I thought it was really interesting to hear about Jim's experience with computer science as someone who became interested in it before it was really widespread and developed and how he taught himself on a DOS computer. I used to hear my dad talk about his own experiences with technology and computers in the 80s and 90s, but I was able to get a better grasp on how quickly technology has boomed in the past few decades while hearing Jim talk about it. I was also excited to hear about his contributions with FreeDOS and was happy to hear that while DOS operating systems are considered older, FreeDOS still has many users today. Someone asked a question about whether Jim could see any differences between who was contributing to open source projects back then vs. now and it was nice to learn that contributors have always been from all over the world, not just major countries, even back then. Another question that someone asked touched upon how or when an open source project would become obsolete, which I thought was interesting and was happy to hear more about. While Jim said the obvious reason would be that the project was no longer useful or relevant in this day and age, the real answer was when an open source project isn't really considered an open source project anymore. Overall, I really enjoyed having someone who has experienced the developments in technology and how much its grown come in and speak about his own projects and achievements and I hope we will get this experience agian.
