---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - Video Reflections + Group Work
---
## Video Reflections
This week, we watched a few videos regarding open source technologies in industries and why certain industries choose to use open source projects. One video was an interview with Carol Payne, who works at Netflix, and Larry Gritz, who works at Sony Pictures ImageWorks. They both discussed the role open source technology plays in the film industry, mentioning that companies are currently leaning more towards using open source software whereas they previously relied on either developing their own software or buying software. Industries are leaning more towards using open source technology due to several reasons, one of which is the wide range of ideas that comes with open source software. Because people from all over the world can contribute to an open source project, there are a variety of perspectives that a company can take advantage of without having to waste the time, energy, and resources to hire people or buy software themselves. 

## Group Work
This week my team and I met during our regularly scheduled meeting time on Tuesday afternoon where we continued to work on the [issue](https://github.com/ONEARMY/community-platform/issues/1571) that we claimed. I had to fix some issues that I had with my development environment, but once I got my local host up and running, I joined my teammates in studying the code and trying to figure out where the bug was located. We ended up figuring out the issue, thanks to our teammate Amanda, and were able to fix the bug by working backwards after spending some time studying the code, and on Thursday during class, we worked on trying to submit a pull request, but ran into some issues with testing our code using cypress. We are still working on testing our code, but will hopefully have submitted a pull request before class on Tuesday. In the meantime, we are looking for a second issue to claim and I proposed [this issue](https://github.com/ONEARMY/community-platform/issues/1478) and [this issue](https://github.com/ONEARMY/community-platform/issues/1508).