---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - Presentations + Group Work
---
## Presentations
I really enjoyed listening to all the other groups and their experiences working on various open source projects. I was surprised that the presentations took longer than one class time, but it was cool to hear how much some of the groups had accomplished over the past few weeks. Something that some of the groups did that was different than how my group had been operating was that each group member would tackle a different issue within the same open source project. For my group, we decided to all work together on the same issue, but it was kind of hard to split up the work, so we are now also tackling individual issues. Something else that was kind of unexpected to me was how engaged some of the groups were with other collaborators on the projects, such as joining their project's weekly meetings. I think that was so surprising to me because One Army is a smaller open source project and doesn't really have anything set up like that, so our groups isn't as involved in the same way. Unsurprisingly, many groups have already submitted pull requests and are working on their second or third issues already.

## Group Work
My team submitted and successfully merged our pull request for our first issue this past week and have chosen new issues to work on. As I mentioned above, we chose to work together on the first issue, but have decided to each tackle our own issue for the time being. It was kind of hard to work collaboratively on our first issue as a lot of it was just kind of studying the code on our own time and figuring out where the bug is and I think our next few issues are somewhat similar, which is why we decided to split up the work in this way. 