---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Code of Conduct + Browser Add-on Activity 
---

## Code of Conduct
### Go
Having a code of conduct for a project can be very beneficial as it lays out a set of guidelines for those who wish to contribute to follow. This creates a safe space within online communities for people from all over the world and allows them to focus more on bettering the project rather than anything else. As the document says, not all conflict is bad and it is beneficial to have healthy debate, but debates can spiral quickly and so having a code of conduct ensures that this will not happen, and if it does, then things will be resolved quickly. I do think that other projects would benefit from having such a document so that people won't just use the platform to harass and bother others and will only attract people who are interested in improving the project. 

One difference between the Go project's code of conduct and the Contributor Convenant's code of conduct is that Go added a line under the Scope section: "This Code of Conduct also applies outside the project spaces when the Project Stewards have a reasonable belief that an individual’s behavior may have a negative impact on the project or its community." I think that they added this line because while someone might be respectful of other people in the scope of the online community, they may have beliefs that threaten the safety of other members that they just haven't vocalized in the online space. Another difference is that Go added a Conflict Resolution section instead of using the Contributor Covenant's Enforcement section. They may have done this because they wanted to clarify that healthy debate is allowed and even encouraged. They are also a lot more thorough with how they will investigate a complaint.
### Eclipse
[Eclipse Code of Conduct](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php)
Eclipse's code of conduct is almost identical to the Contributor Covenant's code of conduct, while Go added a lot more in their Conflict Resolution section. Go's code of conduct also seems a little more casual than Eclipse's in terms of syntax, but contains more in specifics.
### Sugar
While Go's code of conduct is based off the Contributor Covenant's code of conduct, Sugar's is based off of the Ubuntu code of conduct. However, the content of both codes of conduct touch upon the same topics, such as being considerate, respectful, and engaging in only healthy debate. One difference I noticed between the two are that Sugar doesn't talk about where to file complaints about fellow contributors.
### Firefox
[Firefox Code of Conduct](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/)
While I don't use Firefox often, I chose to look at Firefox's code of conduct because of its relevance to this course. Unlike Go, Eclipse, and Sugar, Firefox based their code of conduct off multiple documents, including Ubuntu's Code of Conduct, Mozilla's View Source Code of Conduct, and Rust Language's Code of Conduct. Similarly to the codes of conduct above, Firefox's also touches upon similar topics, including creating a safe community by being respectful. inclusive, and considerate. Firefox's code is broken down into more specific sections, where they go into further detail than the other codes.

## Browser Add-on
At first, I was really nervous when I saw that we were supposed to create our own browser add-on extension. However, I really enjoyed the activity on Thursday, as I am definitely more of a hands-on learner, so going through the steps of creating a browser was very helpful for me. It felt more like a fun activity rather than actual work and it was really cool to see the browsers come to life in Firefox. I also enjoyed getting to know some of my classmates and look forward to working with them. We haven't quite thought of an idea about what browser add-on extension we want to do, but I'm excited to see what we can do.
