---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - Browser Extension Reflection
---
## Browser Extension - Focusify
My group and I had some trouble deciding on what to do for an extension at first, as we knew we wanted to work on something interesting but functional as well, but we didn't have too much time to come up with something super complex. At first we were juggling with the idea of making Albert more functional and creating an extension that made course searching easier for students, as there have been many complaints. After researching various methods on how to implement this idea, we decided that it was too difficult to do with the time and experience we had. We then looked at some existing extensions for inspiration and found an extension called [Clear This Page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/clear-this-page/?utm_source=addons.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=search), which basically clears any article or news page of ads and unecessary clutter. We really liked this idea and decided to do something similar with Instagram. At first, we tried to modify the borderify extension that we did in class, but we realized that using borders wouldn't remove any content from the page, and just made the content fit inside the borders instead. We then played around with DOMs in Javascript and inspected elements on the Instagram website to figure out exactly what elements we needed to manipulate. We also wanted to adapt this extension so that it would work on Brightspace and Albert, but weren't able to do so as NYU's websites were harder to work with.

Although this was not a very long project, I enjoyed working with my team and I think we got along very well. Everyone was respectful of each other's ideas, but were also honest about their own opinions. We were able to work very efficiently after we figured out what our extension was going to be. Every member contributed at least one browser extension idea and everyone was very responsive when conversing online. When working on our actual extension, each of us researched various methods on how to approach this idea, tested it, presented our findings, and discussed where to go from there. We all contributed to making the documents on the GitHub, such as the CONTRIBUTING.md and the code of conduct, as well as the slides we used to present in class.

Doing this project helped me further develop my GitHub skills, as we were all making contributions, so each of us had to make sure that we were pulling before pushing, which I never had to do before. My group and I honestly didn't have any trouble working with one another, and I think we got along quite well. DOMs was something that I had learned last semester, but wasn't entirely confident about working with, so this project also gave me a little bit of a refresher on that topic. 

## Other Team's Projects
I really enjoyed everyone else's projects as there were so many different ideas with many different approaches. I also found it comforting that other teams also had issues implementing their ideas. [YoutubeEX](https://github.com/ossd-sp22/YouTubeEX) had a very similar idea to our team's in which they got rid of all distractions while using Youtube, so that people wouldn't get sucked down a rabbit hole of watching random videos that are somewhat related to your original video. I think the projectt that I was most impressed with was [Study Timer](https://github.com/ossd-sp22/study-timer) because it seemed like it was the most difficult and time-consuming to implement and is something I would definitely use. I also really liked [Less Ugly Brightspace](https://github.com/ossd-sp22/less-ugly-brightspace), mainly because I thought the presentation was very amusing and I always like to poke fun at NYU's websites.