---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Project Evaluation Activity + Video Reflections
---
## Project Evaluation Activity Reflection
I really enjoyed working on the project evaluation activity in class as it was an open source project that I was completely unfamiliar with. My partner and I were assigned to SciPy, which he had listed as his favorite open source project. I liked that I got to learn about a new project, even though it's something that I don't think I will use as it's more data focused. SciPy is a python package that contains algorithms and functions that are based on NumPy. I had some experience using NumPy in a data class that I took last semester, but had never heard of SciPy. It was relatively easy to find most answers to the questions, but there were a few trickier ones, which was due to the fact that my partner and I were digging a little too deep into the GitHub when the answer was on the home page of the repository. I think that this project isn't too friendly towards beginners as most of the contributions, issues, and pull requests are much higher-level and it would take a bit of effort to figure out how to properly contribute or discuss the issues. Most of the issues marked "good first issue" were also marked "documentation" so I don't think there were many opportunities for beginners to contribute to the actual source code.
## Video Reflections
### Food Computer
I really enjoyed the food computer video because I have tried to keep plants in my apartment, but too many have died over the past year due to various reasons, such as low sunlight and lack of water. I'm also away from my apartment for extended periods of time quite often, so having an automated system might be useful. I don't have much, if any, experience with engineering but watching the video made me interested in potentially building something like that myself, or at least contributing to the source code, which they mentioned was open source.