---
layout: post
title: Week 7 - The Cathedral and the Bazaar + Deciding on an open source project
---
## The Cathedral and the Bazaar
When I first saw the title "The Cathedral and the Bazaar," I was very confused as to what the essay would be regarding. However, it was really interesting to learn about the two different styles of software development: the cathedral style, where software needed to be constructed carefully and in full and individually or in small groups, and the bazaar style, where software was released early and often and developers came from every corner of the earth. Before taking this class, I was only assigned individual projects which were due in full, and didn't have any idea what open source software was, but I'm excited to begin contributing to an open source project. I thought that "The Cathedral and the Bazaar" was full of great quotes that are very applicable to making a good and relevant contribution to an open source project. One quote that stood out to me was "plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow" because too many times I've been stuck going down one path trying to solve a problem due to stubbornness when a different approach would have been much easier. Another quote that I think is quite important in open source is to "release early. Release often. And listen to your customers" because I think that developers are often too close to the product whereas customers are the ones who are actually using the product and probably know best what it needs or doesn't need.

## Deciding on an open source project
The two projects I did my evaluations on this week were MonkeyCAM and alex. I've recently gotten back into snowboarding and wanted to find an open source project related to it, and came across MonkeyCAM, which is a project used to design skis and snowboards, which I thought was pretty cool. However, as I was completing the evaluation for it, it seemed that this project was not super active in the recent years and also seems hard for beginners to contribute, so I don't think that MonkeyCAM would be the best option. I thought alex was a fun and funny project, as I was playing around with the demo and seeing what words would be flagged. It also seems relatively beginner friendly, so I wouldn't mind contributing to it. Hospital Run is another project that piqued my interest as I am interested in the intersection between healthcare and tech. Another project that seems fun to contribute to is Pokemon Showdown, as I used to play Pokemon a lot as a kid, and more recently played Pokemon Go in high school. I definitely want to choose a project with a topic that I'm interested in, and look forward to seeing what other projects my classmates do their evaluations on, as I would be much more motivated and excited to contribute to it if that is the case.
