---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Business Models and Group Work
---
## Business Models
This week we learned about business models regarding open source software, which I thought was very interesting because we've kind of been learning about how open source was free and open for anyone to use. However, going through the various business models made it easy to see how open source software can be profited from by companies. Open source itself is not a business model, but many different companies follow business models that incorporate open source software. One business model that made a lot of sense to me was the open core business model, as the core of the project would remain open source and free for anyone to use, but companies could customize that code and add features that could remain private to them. GitLab is one such software that utilized the open core business model as the core of their code is free to access, but there are added features that users can pay for.

## Group Work
My team and I met on Tuesday afternoon to work on our project. We were all having issues installing our development environments, which we needed to have set up in order to start working on the issue that we got approved. Although Appsmith had installation instructions as well as a video tutorial, there were many more aspects and external software that we needed to download, which caused the majority of our issues. We also reached out to them via their support channel on Discord, but they didn't respond in a timely manner. We spent the entire meeting time trying to troubleshoot our installation issues with no progress, so we decided to switch gears and meet again the next day with each of us bringing at least one new open source project to the table. The next day, we decided on One Army for our new project. One Army is an organization that runs a few open source websites, such as Precious Plastic, which my group member Amanda did her evaluation on. The installation process went smoothly for all of us and we also introduced ourselves via email. We reached out on GitHub to claim an issue and were immediately approved, so we started working on that on Thursday during class, and will continue to work on it during our designated meeting time on Tuesday. 