---
layout: post
title: Week 6 - Christopher Snider + Open Source in Communities
---
## Christopher Snider
I really enjoyed Christopher Snider's presentation and hearing him talk about his experience with diabetes and Tidepool. I don't personally know anyone with diabetes and so never realized how much it affects everyday life. I am also interested in potentially pursuing a career in healthcare, hopefully combining healthcare and technology, so it was interesting to learn a bit about open source within healthcare. I was surprised to hear that diabetes data was hard to come by and that this software was necessary for patients to learn about the disease, and am glad that Christopher is truly passionate about making this data accessible for those who need it. He mentioned that he had already been involved with diabetes data before joining Tidepool and how Twitter played an important role in the CEO reaching out to him with a role that was specifically curated for him. Christopher also mentioned that the biggest obstacles in furthering Tidepool's mission were resources and optimization, which I feel like makes sense as it's hard to figure out what is more beneficial and what things might not be worth the time and energy to implement. Something I found surprising when first learning about Christopher's journey and Tidepool was that he didn't have a computer science background and isn't a programmer. He mentioned that he was able to navigate through GitHub to find what he needed but didn't really know what the code meant. Before taking this class, I didn't realize how many open source projects there were out there without any coding involved and also how people could contribute to open source projects without needing to know how to code, so I was glad that someone who is involved with open source without a coding background was able to come in and speak about his experience.

## Open Source in Communities
There are quite a few open source projects that exist, such as Tidepool, where the main goal was to make something more accessible for a certain group of people. I like that open source allows the people that the project was made for to contribute, as they are the ones who probably know best what the project is missing. I also think that open source projects are a great way for people to get involved in something that they may be passionate about without having to start something from scratch. I feel like I've been deterred from quite a few things because it seems really daunting to have to make something completely on your own. Open source projects can also be used to educate young students on a variety of different topics and expose them to both technology and certain issues within our society.